# @soluzionifutura/minosse-notes-api-sdk  

This is an autogenerated SDK based on the OpenAPI definition file.
The SDK provides an interface to interact with `minosse-notes-api` in a type-safe and efficient manner.
It uses Axios and EventSource for handling HTTP requests and server-sent events.  

## Installation

``` bash  
npm i @soluzionifutura/minosse-notes-api-sdk@github:undefined
```

## Configuration

To use the SDK, you'll need to import it into your project and set it up with the necessary configurations.

### Client-side

``` typescript
import { setup, setAuth } from "@soluzionifutura/minosse-notes-api-sdk"
import axios from "axios"

// Set up SDK with required parameters
setup({
  axios,
  env: "production",
  ES: EventSource,
  customServerUrls: {
    production: "https://api.example.com",
  }
})

// Set authentication (if required)
setAuth("apiKey", "your_api_key")
```

### Server-side

``` typescript
import { setup, setAuth } from "@soluzionifutura/minosse-notes-api-sdk"
import axios from "axios"
import EventSource from "eventsource"
import { wrapper } from "axios-cookiejar-support"
import { CookieJar } from "tough-cookie"

const jar = new CookieJar()
const client = wrapper(axios.create({ jar }))

// Set up SDK with required parameters
setup({
  axios: client,
  env: "production",
  ES: EventSource,
  customServerUrls: {
    production: "https://api.example.com",
  }
})

// Set authentication (if required)
setAuth("apiKey", "your_api_key")
```

## Usage

The sdk provides several exports which can be used to
interact with the @soluzionifutura/minosse-notes-api-sdk. Below, you'll find the signatures of all
exported functions and constants, along with brief descriptions of their purpose.

### Constants

1. `SDK_VERSION: string`  
Represents the current version of the SDK.
2. `API_VERSION: string`  
Represents the version of the API the SDK is designed to interact with.
3. `serverUrls: { [env: string]: string }`  
A dictionary of server URLs for different environments such as 'local', 'staging', and 'production'.  
You can add or override these URLs via the `setup` function.

### Functions

1. `setup(params: { axios: AxiosStatic | AxiosInstance env: string customServerUrls?: { [env: string]: string } }): void`  
This function is used to initialize the SDK with necessary configurations.
You need to provide an instance of axios, the environment name env
and optionally, a set of custom server URLs.
2. `setAuth(securitySchemaName: keyof typeof _auth, value: string | null): void`
This function is used to set the authentication parameters.
You need to provide the `securitySchemaName` and its `value`.
If the `securitySchemaName` does not exist, it will throw an error.
